even the president takes off his hat for
this man who is the man he is the barber
even the largest pot can't fit it what
is it a lid a monkey a cat and a bird
are climbing a palm tree which of them
will get the banana first
[Music]
no one bananas don't grow on palm trees
how far can you run into the woods
[Music]
halfway then you'll be running out of
the woods name the word that's still
hidden even if you're looking right at
it it's the word hidden can you count
all the nines between 1 and 100
[Music]
there are 20 of them there are two
people in front of two people in the
room two people are standing behind two
people and two people are beside two
people how many people are there in the
room just four of them where is the
ocean at its deepest at the bottom if
you take away one number from this odd
number it becomes even what is the
number
seven what do you get if you divide 30
by 0.5 and add 10
you get seventy a farmer has 12 horses
and all but five ran away how many
horses does he have left five of them
two sailors were standing on opposite
sides of the ship one was looking west
and the other east yet they could see
each other well how is it possible they
were standing with their backs to the
sea it is plenty of keys but you can't
open any locks what is it
a piano you're standing on the South
Pole if you take one step back in which
direction will you move North Sally's
mom loves all things that have to do
with the calendar her first child is
named June the second one is July what's
the name of the third child Sally
John works as a butcher he is 6 feet
tall and wears size XL what does he
weigh
[Music]
he weighs meat to pass the exam you have
to answer just one question if you lie
you'll have to take the course again if
you tell the truth
you'll be expelled what should you say
to pass the exam say you'll have to take
the course again there are two in a hall
and four into six and three and eight in
four what is one
[Music]
a half I stay under a roof and walk on
the floor I hardly ever leave yet I get
to see New Horizons every day what am i
a sailor reorganize these matchsticks to
get three triangles
[Music]
did you get it I move around the city
all day at night I wait by the door but
I'm never alone my tongue is always out
what am i a shoe it has two arms but no
fingers it has feet but it can't run it
works best when its feet are off the
ground what is it it's a wheelbarrow you
can't see it yet it's the most powerful
thing in the world only those who value
it the most can control it what is it
[Music]
it's time three letters make up the name
of this seed but if you take the last
two away it still sounds the same
can you name it it's a P a pair costs 40
cents a banana is worth 60 cents and a
grapefruit costs 80 cents how much would
you have to pay for an apple
[Music]
forty cents they charge 20 cents for
each vowel in the name of the fruit how
many bricks do you need to finish a
three-story building fully made of
bricks
[Music]
it takes just one final brick I can wave
at you but you won't hear me say bye I
make you cooler than you are
what am i a fan a guy bought a parrot
the seller promised the parrot would
repeat everything it hears in three
weeks
it didn't say a word when the guy asked
to explain it
the seller said he wasn't lying was he
honest
yes the parrot couldn't hear anything
Elizabeth Steven and George are getting
pumpkin soup
Karen Lauren and Jamie will have pizza
what will hell in order chill order
pumpkin soup just like everyone else
with two E's in their names in a
one-story house in a little village the
front door was red the kitchen was
orange the living room was painted green
the bedroom was like blue and the
bathroom was blue what color were the
stairs a one-story house needs no stairs
Kate was born in 2005 and had her first
surgery in 1998 how can it be 2005 and
1998 aren't years but hospital room
numbers what shouldn't be on this list
the white house milk marshmallows polar
bears white onions or egg white
polar bears they aren't actually white
their fur is colorless and reflects
light a plane from Singapore to
Frankfurt took off and headed north from
which direction will it be landing seven
hours later seven hours later would be
too soon to land the day before two days
after the day before tomorrow is Monday
what day is it today Sunday the day
before tomorrow is today the day before
two days after is one day after how many
times can you take five from 25
[Music]
only once after that you won't be taking
numbers from 25 anymore
can you think of a boy's name that
consists of five consecutive first
letters of five consecutive months of
the year
[Music]
it's Jason July August September October
November mm-hmm
can you get forty five using only the
number four it's 44 plus 44 divided by
44 Nick came to visit his family on his
horse he arrived on Friday spent four
days with his family fixed the fence for
them and left on Friday how can it be
[Music]
Friday is the name of the horse a Secret
Service agent double-oh 9 received a
message race car radar attack and stats
which of these words is the code word
because it's not like the other the code
word is attack all the other words read
the same backward as forward find the
logic in the sequence D and O s a JJ
what letter should be next
[Music]
M should be the next one these are the
first letters of every month name in
reverse order how can you move just
three matchsticks to form three equal
squares
[Music]
easy just like that you're driving a
truck and reach a tunnel that has a 16
foot clearance your truck is 16.8 feet
tall a detour would take you four hours
what can you do to drive through the
tunnel just let some air out of the
tires
what kind of house can fly a house fly
what number becomes zero when you divide
it in half it's number eight you have to
literally divide it in half and you get
two zeroes what country name makes you
shiver
[Music]
it's chilly can you decipher this riddle
it reads to infinity and beyond it has
four eyes but cannot see what is it
[Music]
it's Mississippi how can two people be
standing behind each other at the same
time they'd have to stand back-to-back
what invention helps people see through
walls
[Music]
it's a window do you have any idea what
this is the correct answer is Arctic
Circle which part of London can you also
find in France
the letter n which city is 3/5 of China
to six of Canada and 2/3 of Goa Chicago
it's yellow but smells like red paint
what is it it's yellow paint even the
smartest scholars writers and
journalists spell this word incorrectly
what is the word incorrectly named an
English word that has all five of the
vowels in it
AEI Onew unquestionably who can jump
higher than Mount Everest
anyone Mountains can't jump at all why
is it so easy to measure a fish it has
its own scales on it
why don't fish play in a band
because it's impossible to tunafish what
do you get if you add three to three
hundred three times 303 303 303 in the
deep of the jungle with no street lamps
or a flashlight I spotted a rare black
snake how did I manage to do it
it was during daytime a boss sent a
cipher to the crew it said xlr8 what
should they do he wanted them to
accelerate my is heat faster than coal
because you can catch a cold but never
the heat when it has five letters it's
really strong when you take away two
letters it becomes single what is it
[Music]
it's a stone the horse jumped over the
king somehow there was no damage to the
king at all how can it be
[Music]
they're both chess pieces and it can
happen when you're playing chess what is
one big difference between lightning and
electricity
[Music]
lightning is free and you have to pay
for electricity and it's still
impossible to tunafish I like that one
you